the man does not position himself as an extension of his hand
it allows you to select interact with any object on the screen
and make it easier to use windows to be as simple as pointing and clicking the
bags on the work table and is designed to fit
comfortably the palm of the user's hand
with the index finger on the left button
when you move the bad in different directions hit the screen follows the same
move that 7 call of pointer and always accompanies the movement of the mouse
remember that you can lift the mouse and reposition if necessary
Now let's learn how to click.
the left mouse button and is used to click but the lefties can change
this setting to invert the
clicking on the start button you can open a document that needs to be
some changes
when you double-click or double-click the
same word notice how it is selected
this action inform the computer that you want to do something with the third
is called as for example putting who I quit and if you want to select
more than one word
the whole paragraph for example
At the top of the paragraph clicked hold down left mouse button
with the mouse button and still pressed the frog to the right
going through the whole paragraph
after you have injured paragraphs release the mouse button
as paragraph is now selected as the word was
previously
after getting injured in the text you are ready to do something with it
to move this paragraph to another location place the suitcase and overweight
click and hold the left mouse button
and then drag the paragraph when you reach the desired location, release the
mouse that action is called indicate the afternoons are thais
if you are a win that deals with the scroll control
you can use it to scroll through the document
to scroll down jean the route in your direction
to scroll up turns the wheel forward
Now that you know the basics, let's try to click with the
right button
right-clicking means right-clicking
you can right-click and practically
everything from windows including text images of icons when you click
right-click an item in the menu as this will show what you can
do with the item like eg april copy it as deleted remember
point and click
is all you need to know to use the mouse